dealing with anxiety can be really tough. Um, I do think that there are
a few things that can benefit most people. One thing that I think
can really help manage anxiety in the long run is to pay attention to
what you are eating. Pay attention to what you're putting in your
body. In particular, sugar really feeds anxiety. Um, and so you know,
if you can limit the amount If you were gonna change your diet in
one way, I would say that's the way to do it to limit your sugar intake.
Um, other things that can really help Thio reduce anxiety are participating
in physical exercise on a regular basis, and it doesn't
have to be strenuous exercise. It could just be a very mild walk for,
you know, 5 to 10 minutes. If you could do that every day, I think
you'll be surprised how far that will go towards reducing your anxiety.
Um, there are also other things that you could do, like breathing
exercises and maybe meditation or yoga or something like that. Um,
that that can really help Thio kind of control anxiety in the moment.
Breathing exercises in particular, I think are very, uh um Good
for for that kind of that immediate kind of reducing anxiety. Um, but
yeah, there are a lot of things that are available to you to reduce
anxiety. And honestly, I would just try everything you can think
of and see what sticks, see what actually works for you.